# SeoulBikeData_MachineLearning
Bike sharing is a method of renting bicycles that is automated using a network of kiosks located across a city. People can hire a bike from a single pick-up site and combine it with their needs. The customer returns the bike to a kiosk of their choice after using the bike. Such rental programs are becoming increasingly popular in highly dense cities thanks to automated systems and the smartphone age we live in. Individuals purchase a membership and then use the system to hire a bike from one location and return it to another within a certain amount of time. Seoul's bike-sharing demand comprises one of the world's 500 bike-sharing schemes. The system administrator for such a program would ideally like to predict the demand to make sure the city doesn’t rent less bikes than it requires. As demand for bike rentals is a complicated metric to predict, it is dependent on a number of factors, including weather, humidity, temperature, and age group.   The aim of this project was to predict the number of rented bikes using different techniques learnt in the course. As a baseline model, we have chosen Linear Regression and we have chosen Non-Linear Regression using Neural Networks as the more favourable “advanced” model. To start with, we did exploratory data analysis on the dataset to gain an insight into the dataset. Then the data was cleaned and moulded to make it favorable for feeding into the models. In the end of the report we discuss our findings and conclude as to which model performed better and what is the future work possible.
